RHDEVDOCS-6207: Enable proxy awareness (#84999)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-verifying-proxy-environment-variables.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * configuring/using-builds-in-a-restricted-environment.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```

[id="ob-verifying-the-proxy-environment-variables_{context}"]
= Verifying the proxy environment variables

> Run the following command to verify the environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the following command to verify the environment variables:
```

> * Run the following command to verify the environment variables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Procedure

* To verify the environment variables, run the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: Add an intro before the procedure

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc set env deployment/openshift-builds-operator --list -n openshift-builds | grep PROXY
----

> The HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, and NO_PROXY environment variables are listed as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example output lists the `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables:
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting:~:text=Use%20backticks%20for%20all%20non%2DGUI%20%22system%20items%22%2C%20including%3A

> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ oc set env deployment/openshift-builds-operator --list -n openshift-builds | grep PROXY
> HTTP_PROXY=http://192.168.130.1:3128
> HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.168.130.1:3129
> NO_PROXY=.cluster.local,.svc,.testing,10.217.0.0/22,10.217.4.0/23,127.0.0.1,192.168.126.0/24,192.168.1
> 30.11,api-int.crc.testing,localhost
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
HTTP_PROXY=http://192.168.130.1:3128
HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.168.130.1:3129
NO_PROXY=.cluster.local,.svc,.testing,10.217.0.0/22,10.217.4.0/23,127.0.0.1,192.168.126.0/24,192.168.1
30.11,api-int.crc.testing,localhost
----
```

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * configuring/using-builds-in-a-restricted-environment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ob-verifying-the-proxy-environment-variables_{context}"]
= Verifying the proxy environment variables

As a cluster administrator, you can verify the environment variables to ensure that the proxy settings are correctly configured for {builds-title} on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster

.Procedure

* To verify the environment variables, run the following command:

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
```

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// * configuring/using-builds-in-a-restricted-environment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ob-verifying-the-proxy-environment-variables_{context}"]
= Verifying the proxy environment variables

> As a cluster administrator, you can verify the environment variables to ensure that the proxy settings are correctly configured for {builds-title} on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can verify the environment variables to ensure that the proxy settings are correctly configured for {builds-title} on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster.
```

Author: done!
